Title: EK games 

website for an indie game company 
is meant to have a bit of inspiration motivation from 
riot games website

Want to have any type of gaming user who wants to learn about the companies games or play it. It has a job section (work with us)
to also interact with professionals/students who are also looking to interact with the company monetary/job wise. 
The main goal is to just be a presentable and good site for an indie came company that presents its users valid information so clients
can play and download the games. Also so people can interact with the company in order to help it job wise or feedback wise. 
It gives users a way to learn about and contact the company.  Just a front face for the company and to provide the goods(games)/services it 
provides as a company.

Persona:
George is an casual, long-term college student gamer who is looking for more games to play
while having already played alot of games. He likes getting information about his games and the 
company. He is studying comp sci and would like to find out about the companies jobs and internships 
because he is intrigued by our company. He likes to be updated on his games news. 

Goals.
 Download and play games 
Learn more about and possibly apply for internships/ jobs related to the company
Learn more abou the games he is playing and get updated on their news

Semantic network is included in the mock up

3 interactive processes meant to be or that can be implemented

downloading game processes interactive in download page
Following steps to download a game

interactive video in the about us page
where a video should play with accordance to the users choice

the divergent/convergent will be implement with the search options below 

search engine to find couple keywords in the system 
filter faceted search with the search button on the header
presumably a faceted search will pull down in order for users to utilize it

in the support there is a form of communication 

On the support page there's also a dropbox that will have a breadcrumb form of options in faceted search for issues
which is a type of exploration (maybe)

 